remember when easy gave us one day trial
codes to test out early weapons before
we bought them we were able to test
drive these weapons before we made the
purchase but those weapons that we
trialed and because we trialed decided
on purchasing them are not the weapons
we have now I didn't test out plus three
weapons with high recoil low ammo and
low damage if I had tested out these
plus three weapons back then when I had
the trial codes I wouldn't have bought
them I tested out in the lead weapon one
of which they gave me the child code for
to help me to decide on buying it where
did these plus three weapons come from
and where did the weapon i sampled and
bought go away too I didn't buy these
plus three weapons I had never even seen
them before until December the 20th easy
all of us who tested out regardless of
testing but actually buy these elite
weapons in the past we want those
weapons back we did not purchase plus 3
weapons this is not what we spent our
money on this is not why we bought
battle funds you need to reimburse us
completely
now once again i want you to notice the
ammo count that the plus three scar has
i want you to notice the damage and the
massive recoil that this thing has you
literally have to tap the mouse just to
get any kind of accuracy and even if
you're aiming point blanket somebody
through the red dot side or the whole
scope it is still not guaranteed the
bullets going to travel and that
direction much like the m14 it's a sad
sad day for anybody who plays or who has
put money into battlefield play4free if
you're feeling ripped off scams or
stolen from it's because you were if you
think they did this in the name of fair
play the MS and RPG boosters are still
alive and well
you